Contrib update (#158)
o3de/community: community-membership.md

The [O3DE community repo](https://github.com/o3de/community) contains information about how to get started, how the community organizes, and more.

All contrubtors are required to follow our [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/o3de/o3de/blob/development/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

> ## Contributing to Open 3D Engine

Author: Going through and making some updates, it's becoming clear to me that not only is there duplicated information, it's fragmented out into lots of different spaces. This PR should mostly be considered a cleanup draft. I'll file an issue for followup.

If you have a particular area of interest you'd like to contribute to, we maintain a list of our [Special Interest Groups](https://github.com/o3de/community/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#getting-started) (SIGs), community-driven organizations that guide the O3DE project.

## Reviewers 

A *Reviewer* is a role where a contributor is responsible for reviewing Pull Requests on GitHub and providing appropriate feedback. Reviewers are expected to be kind, courteous, and fair to submitters to any Open 3D Foundation project.

You must be nominated (self-nomination is allowed) for promotion from Contributor to Reviewer. To do this, an issue should be created on the SIG's repo for the supportive Reviewers and Maintainers to comment and add their support. For example, to nominate a reviewer on behalf of sig-content, an issue should be created in the [sig-content repository](https://github.com/o3de/sig-content/issues/new/choose).

> Once you have the requisite support, the nomination Issue needs to be reviewed and approved during a SIG meeting. If possible, the nominee should attend and add it to the agenda for the SIG to review and, if appropriate, approve. Nomination Issues that do not have the necessary support will be closed after 4 weeks of inactivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the requisite support, the nomination issue needs to be reviewed and approved during a SIG meeting. If possible, the nominee should add the issue to the agenda for an upcoming SIG meeting and if possible attend the meeting. The SIG will then review and, if appropriate, approve. Nomination Issues that do not have the necessary support will be closed after 4 weeks of inactivity.

```

> Once you have the requisite support, the nomination Issue needs to be reviewed and approved during a SIG meeting. If possible, the nominee should attend and add it to the agenda for the SIG to review and, if appropriate, approve. Nomination Issues that do not have the necessary support will be closed after 4 weeks of inactivity.

Author: In this case we should, will add a link to the calendar and some text about joining meetings.

* SIG meetings - an up-to-date list of meetings and times is on the [O3DE Calendar](https://lists.o3de.org/calendar)

## Reviewers 

A *Reviewer* is a role where a contributor is responsible for reviewing Pull Requests on GitHub and providing appropriate feedback. Reviewers are expected to be kind, courteous, and fair to submitters to any Open 3D Foundation project.

You must be nominated (self-nomination is allowed) for promotion from Contributor to Reviewer. To do this, an issue should be created on the SIG's repo for the supportive Reviewers and Maintainers to comment and add their support. For example, to nominate a reviewer on behalf of sig-content, an issue should be created in the [sig-content repository](https://github.com/o3de/sig-content/issues/new/choose).

Once you have the requisite support, the nomination issue needs to be reviewed and approved during a SIG meeting. If possible, the nominee should add the issue to the agenda for an upcoming SIG meeting and if possible attend the meeting. The SIG will then review and, if appropriate, approve. Nomination Issues that do not have the necessary support will be closed after 4 weeks of inactivity.

## Maintainers

> A *Maintainer* role is an increased level of responsibility for a Reviewer. Maintainers aren't just responsible for performing review - they also have the ability to merge pull requests into the appropriate branch. Maintainers are high-quality Reviewers who take extra care when looking at a pull request, and are willing to trust the other Reviewers who approve work.

Reviewer: IMHO we should call out maintainers have responsibility for the code they merge.

See changes in https://github.com/o3de/community/tree/main/sigs#contributors-reviewers-and-maintainers

## Maintainers

A *Maintainer* role is an increased level of responsibility for a Reviewer. Maintainers aren't just responsible for performing review - they also have the ability to merge pull requests into the appropriate branch. Maintainers are high-quality Reviewers who take extra care when looking at a pull request, and are willing to trust the other Reviewers who approve work.

You must be nominated (self-nomination is allowed) for promotion from Reviewer to Maintainer. To do this, an issue should be created on the community repo for the supportive Maintainers to comment and add their support. Once you have the requisite support, the nomination Pull Request needs to be reviewed and approved during a SIG meeting.  The nominee should plan to attend and add it to the agenda for the SIG to review and, if appropriate, approve. Nomination Pull Requests that do not have the necessary support will be closed after 4 weeks of inactivity.

## Becoming a Reviewer or Maintainer

> The SIGs maintain their own reviewer and maintainer standards, and have additional types of roles available in some cases. Maintainer standards are maintained in nomination issues, so each link goes to a "New Issue" form for nomination.

Author: ```suggestion
The SIGs maintain their own reviewer and maintainer standards, and have additional types of roles available in some cases. These standards are maintained in nomination issues, so each link goes to a "New Issue" form for nomination.

```
